Module 3 Edits- restore new Mod 2 (#193)
saucelabs/sauce-school: codelabs/Module2_APITesting.md

<!------------------------------>

## 2.03 Create an API Test File
Duration: 0:04:00

We now have a project in which we can begin writing API Tests. Let's create the first API Test!

#### Note:
Negative

> : You must have a [API Fortress account](https://apifortress.com/) in order to follow along in this step. [Use this link](https://saucelabs.com/sign-up) to sign up for a free trial. If you have an account, [Sign In](https://mastiff.apifortress.com/app/web/login/auth).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: You must have an [API Fortress account](https://apifortress.com/) in order to follow along in this step. [Use this link](https://saucelabs.com/sign-up) to sign up for a free trial. If you have an account, [Sign In](https://mastiff.apifortress.com/app/web/login/auth).
```

   "HTTP Code 401: Authorization failed"
   ```
   <img src="assets/apif-mod2/401-error.png" alt="API Fortress: HTTP 401 Request Error" />

#### Note:

Negative
: To see the raw response body in the HTTP Client select **Body** and then either *Raw* or *Parsed*

### Adding a Test Component

> Lets add a GET component that can make a successful API call against the Sauce Labs REST API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lets add a GET component that makes a successful API call against the Sauce Labs REST API.
```

> In the previous step we encountered a common authentication error, **[HTTP: 401](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Status/401**), since you didn't send the username and access key that Sauce Labs requires to communicate with their API. In order to fix this error we must add our [Sauce Labs Account Credentails](https://app.saucelabs.com/user-settings) as a [Basic Authentication Header](https://docs.saucelabs.com/api-testing/how-to/authorization-simple-oauth-etc/index.html#overview).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the previous step we encountered a common authentication error, **[HTTP: 401](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Status/401)**, because you didn't send the `username` and `accesskey` that Sauce Labs requires to communicate with their API. In order to fix this error we must add our [Sauce Labs Account Credentials](https://app.saucelabs.com/user-settings) as a [Basic Authentication Header](https://docs.saucelabs.com/api-testing/how-to/authorization-simple-oauth-etc/index.html#overview).
```

1. At the top of the Test Composer page, select the plus symbol to **add a new request component**:
   <img src="assets/apif-mod2/add-component-button.png" alt="API Fortress: Add Component Button" />

2. From the dropdown list, select **GET**:

   <img src="assets/apif-mod2/select-get-component.png" alt="API Fortress: Select GET Component" />

### Create A GET Component

> 1. In the next screen, recreate your HTTP Client request with the following information

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the next screen, recreate your HTTP Client request with the following information:
```

   <img src="assets/apif-mod2/get-request-details.png" alt="API Fortress: GET Request Details" />
    * **Url**: `https://api.us-west-1.saucelabs.com/team-management/v1/users` – The URL that you are retrieving data from
    * **Variable**: `payload` - The variable where the response to GET is stored
    * **Expect**: Leave blank
    * **Mode**: `json` - The format of the information from the GET call
    * **Query Params**: *Name*: `limit` *String value*: `3` – Sets the number of responses to a limit of 3 so your test doesn't take too long

> 2. Then select **Add Authentication** at the bottom right.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Then select **Add Authentication** at the bottom right:
```
